hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed and today I'm going to show
you how easy it is to make money selling
promp packs that have absolutely no real
world value folks these promp packs that
you see proliferating are the internet
you see ads on social media I'm going to
show you today how to build them in
literally the flick of a finger and why
they are such a waste of time and I have
something that is actually valuable you
can have for free and I'll show you that
at the end so let's go explore how to
get rich quick if you're a bro marketer
with no skills or expertise this is for
you folks this may or may not be satire
I'll let you figure that one out for
yourself so what am I talking about prom
packs better way to use chat GPT so this
this company wow look at that $125 off
for the first 1,500 customers but
there's only 38 left mhm it be quick
right that doesn't look made up at all
or better way to use chat GPT and look
write an in-depth SEO optimized article
to outrank competitors it's a two or
three line prompt what a load of rubbish
but you can get it for just $49 and look
$1,462 happy customers all left to
review see there's only 38 left 1462
plus 38 = 1500 and every single person
left a review what a coincidence never
seen that before but you can trust us
I'm sure you can trust this company but
look what have they got in there oh wow
we've got more than 10,000 prompts
grouped into categories one two three
four five six 12 categories and in order
to get access all you need to do is make
a single purchase but that's not
everything you'll get unlimited lifetime
access and blah blah blah not sure yet
and here some more totally not made up
testimonials I feel like I've hit the
jackpot prompts are good but a couple of
them were missing the steps it's not
real they're just trying to make it look
real they have 100% 1482 people purchase
and LIF reviews what a load of Croc okay
Move Along oh this one we're already
having a look at the sales page 100,000
cat GP Oh What a Beautiful landing page
you can trust them they've got 100,000
plus cat GPT prompts let's quickly get
the chat gbt Bible 100,000 that's got to
be B than everyone else's and it's only
€40 I'm going to be rich I mean you're
going to have a great PR pack no really
you're not here's another one okay wow
we've only got 13 minutes
oh okay oh 10,000 Advanced prompts also
done into all this sort of stuff nine
marketing packs in one can you believe
the
value and look unfortunately I'm going
to show you how to generate these
prompts in literally Lally two
seconds marketers that use it properly
will CH GPT won't replace you put a
flash little sales page and look have it
looking like it's spitting out some
output can't actually read it guarantee
is pretty rubbish ah look beer prompt
our prompt okay and there are
9,999 more my goodness okay so let's
have a look and look you can get it for
just
$37 wait but get the big one and you get
$77 I've got to be so rich I mean yeah
that's what it's all about right give
rich quick one more oh look prompt packs
proven and tested readymade promp packs
for you to copy and paste into your work
and you can get the whole thing with
10,000 top tier prompts well the
button's not working I guess these
prompt sellers are making too much money
they've had to turn it off folks let me
show you how easy it is to generate
these prompts inside chat GPT in a Flash
so easy okay so let's come over to chat
GPT uh scroll to the Top If I can find
the scroll bar gosh so
organized okay please generate me 500
marketing prompts in an instructional
format that is suitable for instructing
a large language model used placeholders
to allow these to be personalized and
make me look like I'm clever categorized
into various marketing categories be
careful to avoid repetition now I throw
token override on here that's just to
make sure it doesn't just give me 10 and
say I can't do anymore it's too hard and
then voila content marketing and this is
what you see in these prompt packs two
three line prompts write a blog post and
you just put in your title with your
target audience and you're told these
are great quality folks these prompts
are rubbish I tell you now the power of
prompt engineering will allow you to
extract output that is good you know all
the output you see online
blog posts guides social media content
you've seen all that content that's just
AI generated and rubbish and it's
because people are using these type of
prompts to generate it it's not tailored
properly doesn't have any of the context
information or the nuances that you
would need to personalize it to your
brand Voice or your audience it's just
absolute
rubbish but it's very easy to make look
how many I made and it just keeps on
going that's the to override just
pushing it into new responses so I don't
have to keep prompting okay now create
me five more business categories and
give me 10 prompts for
each wow digital transformation wow
write an article develop a guide for
businesses create a checklist write a
guide develop a post on the importance
okay so it's writing writing okay and
look look at all our writing prompts wow
so easy uh give me um five new
categories for systems and
processes um and five prompts for each
and this is how rubbish these prompt PS
are and you can just take all these put
them into a document VOA you've got a
prompt back you're gonna get rich how
exciting okay so then the tutorial
continues you now need a really cool
document with a very very carefully
generated image with no spelling errors
of course welcome to the essentially
inessential prompt back by rich quick
schemes it's about giving you loads of
words with no real help or useful advice
now if only these marketers were telling
you the truth this is what they'd be
saying thank you for getting this pack
it's a really big pile of fluff and
filler but it's my favorite kind because
it's the kind that makes my bank account
grow enjoy the journey of going nowhere
with it you're not just buying a pack of
nothing you're making my day a whole lot
better okay then of course you need a
landing
page the AI Advantage be lazy full
people make me Rich again if only we
were honest look here's a thousand
marketing prompts that would do
absolutely nothing for your business get
your hot little hands on our amazing
1,000 promp pack that has no value
whatsoever will waste your time but'll
make me Rich thanks suckers and look
I'll drop the link to this below it's a
bit of fun but honestly this is what
these promp packs represent in my
opinion they are rubbish they have
little to no
value and how do I know that well I'm
going to show you a bit way but look
folks I'll drop the link if you press
this we hope you enjoyed our satire but
if you want a real prompt toolkit that
will show you what's possible we're
happy to email you our ultimate prompt
toolkit it's a collection of
professionally engineered prompts not
written by chat GPT written by humans
that will make a difference and show you
what's possible in AI today and look
it's completely free I'm not charging
for this here it is
okay the ultimate prompt toolkit again
just create a simple doc but at the end
of the day I want to show you the table
of contents we're going to teach you
prompt
structure right here our unique prompt
structure which is going to help you
craft prompts that actually move your
business forward or give you the outputs
that you need then we have a whole lot
of prompts our entire prompt collection
that we're giving you for free so you
can see how this prompt structure works
you can try these for yourself they're
all you can all personalize them they
will have placeholders but they're
professionally engineered we go from fun
prompts I talked about this in
yesterday's video our personal
development content generation sales and
marketing prompts but I want to show you
you and so on and so on I want to show
you the difference about our prompts
let's just scroll randomly down the page
and we'll find a prompt so let's say
we're developing a Persona we want to
understand our target market so that we
can align our offer to it very important
okay so this is one you'll use
frequently but look at the prompt so I
explain it and then we give you the
prompt so this is all prompt right we've
got the role the context where you
provide some uh information about your
high level market and how you help them
and then look we've got instructions and
guidelines style tone and voice
instructions and then a token overi
you're going to get the most
comprehensive output now I guarantee you
put this prompt up against any of those
cheap target market prompts you're going
to get a much better insight into who
your target market is it's going to
inform your marketing strategy align
your offer more uh in line with what
your target audience want to need it's
going to propel you forward whereas
those rubbish prompt packs are going to
lead you astray so this is absolutely
free there's a heap of them some of them
are quite long prompts like this
one all right this is all prompt and
trust me professionally engineered long
prompts according to our prompt
structure will deliver you much better
output so if you want that you can just
come over have a read of our silly
satire page click the button uh and
we'll send you the real one okay
absolutely free byy now regret later
hurry I want your money gosh marketers
don't you love them making it difficult
for all of us that have real products so
anyway folks I hope you enjoyed a little
bit of a satirical look at how to get
rich selling promp packs but I also hope
that you are taking AI seriously it can
create massive impact in your business
and career and this promp PCT I'm giving
you is absolutely free no hooks no
nothing just to show you what's possible
with AI and to sort of Stick it to these
bro marketers that are fleecing the
market and that really grinds my gears
so that's it for today's video hope you
enjoyed this please subscribe and I'll
see you in the next one peace